name=courage spell
displayName=Courage
icon=condition/courage
adjective=fortified
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=200000000000000000,0a
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=BERSERK
impl=mclachlan.maze.stat.condition.impl.Berserk
@
name=weakness spell
displayName=Weakness
icon=condition/hex
adjective=weakened
conditionEffect=hex
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=4/0/NONE//false/1
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=8,ff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=bardic harp bless
displayName=Bless
icon=condition/bless
adjective=blessed
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/music
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000,02
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=GENERIC_NAUSEA
displayName=Nausea
icon=condition/nausea
adjective=nauseated
conditionEffect=nausea
duration=1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=slow spell
displayName=Slow
icon=condition/slow
adjective=slowed
conditionEffect=slow
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=3/0/NONE//false/rhyme
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=8000000000000,ff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_STONE
displayName=Stone
icon=condition/stone
adjective=petrified
conditionEffect=stone
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=element shield
displayName=Element Shield
icon=condition/resistelements
adjective=shielded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1e0000000000000000,09090909
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=gruesome aspect spell
displayName=Gruesome Aspect
icon=condition/gruesomeaspect
adjective=shrouded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/20/NONE//false,3/0/NONE//false/gesture
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=11000000000000000000000000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=wall of force spell
displayName=Wall Of Force
icon=condition/wallofforce
adjective=protected
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=100000000000000000000000000000,0a
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=power of the pit armourmelt
displayName=Armourmelt
icon=condition/armourmelt
adjective=exposed
conditionEffect=none
duration=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d2
strength=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d2
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000,ff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_POSSESS
displayName=Possession
icon=condition/possess
adjective=possessed
conditionEffect=possess
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_SILENCE
displayName=Silence
icon=condition/silence
adjective=silenced
conditionEffect=silence
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=blink spell
displayName=Blink
icon=condition/blink_spell
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1000000000000000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=angel's tongue armourplate
displayName=Armourplate
icon=condition/armourplate
adjective=protected
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/music,1/20/NONE//false
strength=4/0/NONE//false/4
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=240000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=diplomacy spell
displayName=Diplomacy
icon=condition/diplomacy
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=2/0/NONE//false/4d3
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=800000000000000000000000000000,0a
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=resist elements
displayName=Resist Elements
icon=condition/resistelements
adjective=shielded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1e0000000000000000,09090909
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=healing factor spell
displayName=Healing Factor
icon=condition/healingfactor
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/chant,4/0/NONE//false/4,2/0/NONE//false/3d5
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/2/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=unholy ground
displayName=Unholy Ground
icon=condition/hex
adjective=desecrated
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=ill repute
displayName=Ill Repute
icon=condition/disease
adjective=infected
conditionEffect=disease
duration=2/0/NONE//false/3d6+100
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=800000000000000000000000000000,f6
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=armourplate spell
displayName=Armourplate
icon=condition/armourplate
adjective=protected
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/music,1/20/NONE//false
strength=4/0/NONE//false/4
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=240000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=mandolin of the magus screen
displayName=Magic Screen
icon=condition/magicscreen
adjective=screened
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/music,1/20/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=7e0007000000000000,050505050505050505
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=stoneskin spell
displayName=Stoneskin
icon=condition/stoneskin
adjective=hardened
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/5/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/50/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=80007000000000000,01010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=rally spell condition
displayName=Bless
icon=condition/bless
adjective=blessed
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/chant
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=600040000000000000,041414
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_SLOW
displayName=Slow
icon=condition/slow
adjective=slowed
conditionEffect=slow
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=8000000000000,ff
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=fervour spell
displayName=Fervour
icon=condition/fervour
adjective=believes!
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,4/0/NONE//false/4,3/0/NONE//false/chant
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=38000000000000,020202
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=GENERIC_POISON
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=confusion spell
displayName=Confusion
icon=condition/insane
adjective=insane
conditionEffect=insane
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=divinity spell
displayName=Divinity
icon=condition/divinity
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/chant,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,4/0/NONE//false/4
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=3fe0000000000007e0007000000000199,0101010101030303050505050505010101010101010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=starlight spell
displayName=Starlight
icon=condition/starlight
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,4/0/NONE//false/2
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=10000000001007e0007000000000000,0101010101010101010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=emerald spider poison
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=2/0/NONE//false/1d4+1
strength=2/0/NONE//false/1d4+2
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d3
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=acid splash
displayName=Acid Splash
icon=condition/acidsplash
adjective=coated with acid
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d3
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=verdant growth
displayName=Verdant Growth
icon=condition/hex
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=10000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=melt armour spell
displayName=Armourmelt
icon=condition/armourmelt
adjective=softened
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000,ff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=cloud of fear trap
displayName=Fear
icon=condition/fear
adjective=afraid
conditionEffect=fear
duration=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=power of the pit swallowed
displayName=Swallowed
icon=condition/swallow
adjective=engulfed
conditionEffect=swallow
duration=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d2
strength=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d2
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_SWALLOW
displayName=Swallowed
icon=condition/swallow
adjective=swallowed
conditionEffect=swallow
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d2
staminaDamage=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d2
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=force of nature
displayName=Force Of Nature
icon=condition/forceofnature
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/herbal,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,4/0/NONE//false/5
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=3fe0000000000007e0007000000000009,0102050505050505050505010101010101010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=BOOZE_HEROISM
displayName=Heroism
icon=condition/heroism
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/posture,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=28000000000018,01010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=mottled boa poison
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=2/0/NONE//false/3d4,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=2/0/NONE//false/3d4,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d8+1
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_FEAR
displayName=Fear
icon=condition/fear
adjective=afraid
conditionEffect=fear
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=stunner trap
displayName=Paralyse
icon=condition/paralyse
adjective=paralysed
conditionEffect=paralyse
duration=2/0/NONE//false/10d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/10d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=entangle spell web
displayName=Entangled
icon=condition/web
adjective=entangled
conditionEffect=web
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=crucible
displayName=Crucible
icon=condition/hex
adjective=energised
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=20000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=tag spell
displayName=Tag
icon=condition/tag
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=120000000000000000000000000000000000,0a05
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=deadly poison spell
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d3,3/0/NONE//false/alchemic
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=BOOZE_SUPERMAN
displayName=Superman
icon=condition/superman
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1f8,010101010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=SCALING_BLINK
displayName=Blink
icon=condition/blink_spell
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1000000000000000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=blades of fire
displayName=Blades Of Fire
icon=condition/bladesoffire
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=400000000000000000080000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=thorns spell
displayName=Thorns
icon=condition/thorns
adjective=grows thorns
conditionEffect=none
duration=4/0/NONE//false/5,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/herbal
strength=4/0/NONE//false/5
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=400000000000000000000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=hexxer trap
displayName=Hex
icon=condition/hex
adjective=hexed
conditionEffect=hex
duration=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=81180000000001f8,fefefefefefefefefefe
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=SCALING_BLIND
displayName=Blind
icon=condition/blind
adjective=blinded
conditionEffect=blind
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_HEX
displayName=Hex
icon=condition/hex
adjective=hexed
conditionEffect=hex
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=81180000000001f8,ffffffffffffffffffff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=colour spray ko
displayName=KO
icon=condition/ko
adjective=unconscious
conditionEffect=ko
duration=2/0/NONE//false/1d4+1
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=psionic bolt trap
displayName=Confusion
icon=condition/insane
adjective=insane
conditionEffect=insane
duration=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=demonic aspect spell
displayName=Demonic Aspect
icon=condition/demonicaspect
adjective=shrouded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/20/NONE//false,3/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/gesture
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=100000000000000000000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=poison spell
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d3
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=phantom guardian spell
displayName=Phantom Guardian
icon=condition/phantom_guardian
adjective=guarded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/rhyme
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=8000000000000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=shield of force
displayName=Mage Shield
icon=condition/mageshield
adjective=shielded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000,03
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=faerie fire
displayName=Faerie Fire
icon=condition/faeriefire
adjective=outlined
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/2d3
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=superman spell
displayName=Superman
icon=condition/superman
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/chant,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1f8,010101010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=faith spell
displayName=Faith
icon=condition/faith
adjective=believes
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/chant
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=7e0007000000000000,050505050505050505
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=twinkling cape
displayName=Twinkling Cape
icon=condition/twinklingcape
adjective=cloaked
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1100000000000020040000000000000,01080501
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=divine trap spell
displayName=Divine Trap
icon=condition/divinetrap
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/3/NONE//false
strength=3/0/NONE//false/posture
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=20000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=acid cloud spell
displayName=Acid Cloud
icon=condition/acidsplash
adjective=coated with acid
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d4,3/0/NONE//false/alchemic
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=full moon
displayName=Full Moon
icon=condition/hex
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=2000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=razor cloak
displayName=Razor Cloak
icon=condition/razorcloak
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=3/0/NONE//false/alchemic,4/0/NONE//false/6
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=400000000000000000000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=melt armour trap
displayName=Armourmelt
icon=condition/armourmelt
adjective=softened
conditionEffect=none
duration=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000,f8
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=prismic shield
displayName=Prismic Shield
icon=condition/resistelements
adjective=shielded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=1e0000000000000000,06060606
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=chameleon spell
displayName=Chameleon
icon=condition/chameleon
adjective=camouflaged
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=3/0/NONE//false/herbal
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=80000000000006000000,010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=spit venom poison
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d3
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=cloak of magic
displayName=Cloak Of Magic
icon=condition/cloakofmagic
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=800000001bf800040000000000000,0101010101010101010102
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=silence spell
displayName=Silence
icon=condition/silence
adjective=silenced
conditionEffect=silence
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=mage blades spell
displayName=Mage Blades
icon=condition/mageblades
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=enchanted_blade
duration=1/10/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/gesture,1/20/NONE//false
strength=4/0/NONE//false/0
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=110000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=enchanted blade spell
displayName=Enchanted Blade
icon=condition/enchantedblade
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=enchanted_blade
duration=1/10/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/chant,1/20/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=110000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=SCALING_PARALYSE
displayName=Paralyse
icon=condition/paralyse
adjective=paralysed
conditionEffect=paralyse
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=mage strength spell
displayName=Mage Strength
icon=condition/magestrength
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/thought,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=4/0/NONE//false/0,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=3fe000000000000000007000000000019,020201030303010101010101010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=fearsome aspect spell
displayName=Fearsome Aspect
icon=condition/gruesomeaspect
adjective=shrouded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/40/NONE//false,3/0/NONE//false/gesture
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=22000000000000000000000000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=poison gas spell
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d3,3/0/NONE//false/alchemic
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=GENERIC_BLINK
displayName=Blink
icon=condition/invisible
adjective=blink
conditionEffect=blink
duration=1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=anti-magic spell
displayName=Anti-Magic
icon=condition/antimagic
adjective=nullified
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=fe000000000,ffffffffffffff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=spotted boa poison
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=2/0/NONE//false/3d4
strength=2/0/NONE//false/3d4
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d2+1
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=blur spell
displayName=Blur
icon=condition/blur
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=80000040000000000000,0202
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_INSANE
displayName=Insane
icon=condition/insane
adjective=insane
conditionEffect=insane
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=heatwave
displayName=Heatwave
icon=condition/hex
adjective=heatwaved
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=800000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=GENERIC_KO
displayName=KO
icon=condition/ko
adjective=unconscious
conditionEffect=ko
duration=1/0/NONE//false,2/0/NONE//false/2d4
strength=1/0/NONE//false,2/0/NONE//false/2d4
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=GENERIC_INSANE
displayName=Insane
icon=condition/insane
adjective=insane
conditionEffect=insane
duration=1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=haste spell
displayName=Haste
icon=condition/haste
adjective=quickened
conditionEffect=haste
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=28000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=skald taunt
displayName=Taunt
icon=condition/taunt
adjective=targetted
conditionEffect=none
duration=2/0/NONE//false/3d2,4/0/NONE//false/3
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=800000000000000000000000000000000000000000,fd
bannerModifier=800000000000000000000000000000000000000000,03
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=soulful sax soul shield
displayName=Soul Shield
icon=condition/soulshield
adjective=shielded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=600000000000000000,0b0b
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=invisibility spell
displayName=Invisible
icon=condition/invisible
adjective=invisible
conditionEffect=invisible
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=rally spell
displayName=Bless
icon=condition/bless
adjective=blessed
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/chant
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=600040000000000000,041414
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_POISON
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=heroism spell
displayName=Heroism
icon=condition/heroism
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/posture,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=28000000000018,01010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=bless
displayName=Bless
icon=condition/bless
adjective=blessed
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/music
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000,02
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=rock dragon swallow
displayName=Swallowed
icon=condition/swallow
adjective=swallowed
conditionEffect=swallow
duration=2/0/NONE//false/2d6
strength=2/0/NONE//false/2d6
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d4
staminaDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d4
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_NAUSEA
displayName=Nausea
icon=condition/nausea
adjective=nauseated
conditionEffect=nausea
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=GENERIC_BLIND
displayName=Blind
icon=condition/blind
adjective=blinded
conditionEffect=blind
duration=1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=obfuscation spell
displayName=Obfuscation
icon=condition/obfuscation
adjective=obfuscated
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=3/0/NONE//false/posture
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=80000000000001800000,010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=striking spell
displayName=Striking
icon=condition/striking
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/chant
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=180000000000000,0202
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=GUARDIAN_ANGEL
impl=mclachlan.maze.stat.condition.impl.GuardianAngel
@
name=GENERIC_FEAR
displayName=Fear
icon=condition/fear
adjective=afraid
conditionEffect=fear
duration=1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=pennywhistle haste
displayName=Haste
icon=condition/haste
adjective=quickened
conditionEffect=haste
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=28000000000000,0101
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=SCALING_DISEASE
displayName=Disease
icon=condition/disease
adjective=diseased
conditionEffect=disease
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=poison type B
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d3+2
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=soul shield spell
displayName=Soul Shield
icon=condition/soulshield
adjective=shielded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=600000000000000000,0b0b
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=poison type C
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=2/0/NONE//false/3d4,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=2/0/NONE//false/3d4,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d8+1
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=poison type D
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/2d6
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=poison type E
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=2/0/NONE//false/3d4,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=2/0/NONE//false/3d4,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/2d10
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=poison type A
displayName=Poison
icon=condition/poison
adjective=poisoned
conditionEffect=poison
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/1d3
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=glowing curse trap
displayName=Glowing Curse
icon=condition/faeriefire
adjective=outlined
conditionEffect=none
duration=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=2/0/NONE//false/2d3
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=804000005f800040,ffffffffffffffffffff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=barkskin spell
displayName=Barkskin
icon=condition/barkskin
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=247000000000000,030303010a
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=BOOZE_FERVOUR
displayName=Fervour
icon=condition/fervour
adjective=believes!
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,4/0/NONE//false/4,3/0/NONE//false/chant
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=38000000000000,020202
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=fizzle field trap
displayName=Anti-Magic
icon=condition/antimagic
adjective=nullified
conditionEffect=none
duration=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=fe000000000,f3f3f3f3f3f3f3
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=RESTING_SLEEP
impl=mclachlan.maze.stat.condition.impl.RestingSleep
@
name=SCALING_IRRITATE
displayName=Irritate
icon=condition/irritate
adjective=irritated
conditionEffect=irritate
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=mace ko
displayName=KO
icon=condition/ko
adjective=unconscious
conditionEffect=ko
duration=2/0/NONE//false/1d4+1
strength=2/0/NONE//false/1d4+1
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=holy ground
displayName=Holy Ground
icon=condition/hex
adjective=consecrated
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=8000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=unleash power spell
displayName=Unleash Power
icon=condition/unleashpower
adjective=transformed
conditionEffect=none
duration=3/0/NONE//false/rhyme,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=4/0/NONE//false/2,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=3fe000000000000000070000000000119,01010101010102010101010101010101
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=subtle glamour
displayName=Subtle Glamour
icon=condition/hex
adjective=enchanted
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=4000000000000000000,01
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=bane spell
displayName=Bane
icon=condition/hex
adjective=cursed
conditionEffect=hex
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/rhyme
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=40000000000000,ff
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_WEB
displayName=Web
icon=condition/web
adjective=webbed
conditionEffect=web
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=ray of enfeeblement trap
displayName=Enfeebled
icon=condition/hex
adjective=weakened
conditionEffect=hex
duration=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
strength=2/0/NONE//false/20d10
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=8,f6
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=false
@
name=moulder nausea
displayName=Nausea
icon=condition/nausea
adjective=nauseated
conditionEffect=nausea
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=mage armour spell
displayName=Mage Armour
icon=condition/magearmour
adjective=shielded
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,3/0/NONE//false/thought
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=7000000000000,050505
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=true
@
name=SCALING_INVISIBLE
displayName=Invisible
icon=condition/invisible
adjective=invisible
conditionEffect=invisible
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,1/1/NONE//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=0,
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=magic screen spell
displayName=Magic Screen
icon=condition/magicscreen
adjective=screened
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/10/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/music,1/20/NONE//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=7e0007000000000000,050505050505050505
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=true
strengthWanes=false
@
name=SCALING_SLEEP
displayName=Sleep
icon=condition/sleep
adjective=asleep
conditionEffect=sleep
duration=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=colour spray blind
displayName=Blind
icon=condition/blind
adjective=blinded
conditionEffect=blind
duration=2/0/NONE//false/1d4+1
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=FATIGUE_KO
impl=mclachlan.maze.stat.condition.impl.FatigueKO
@
name=enchanter invisibility
displayName=Invisible
icon=condition/invisible
adjective=invisible
conditionEffect=invisible
duration=1/0/NONE//false,1/2/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false,3/0/NONE//false/rhyme
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
name=acid bomb spell
displayName=Acid Bomb
icon=condition/acidsplash
adjective=coated with acid
conditionEffect=none
duration=1/1/NONE//false,1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
strength=1/1/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false
hitPointDamage=2/0/SCALE_WITH_CASTING_LEVEL//false/1d3,3/0/NONE//false/alchemic
staminaDamage=
actionPointDamage=
magicPointDamage=
statModifier=0,
bannerModifier=
scaleModifierWithStrength=false
strengthWanes=true
@
